[Term Entry] JavaScript Dates .setUTCMinutes() (#2574)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/setUTCMinutes/setUTCMinutes.md

---
Title: '.setUTCMinutes()'

> Description: 'Changes the minutes for a Date instance according to universal time (UTC).'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Changes the minutes for a given date according to universal time (UTC).'
```

Subjects: 
    - 'Computer Science' 
    - 'Web Development'
Tags: 
    - 'Methods'
    - 'Date'
CatalogContent:
    - 'introduction-to-javascript'
    - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`.setUTCMinutes()`** method of `Date` instances changes the minutes for this instance according to universal time (UTC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.setUTCMinutes()`** method changes the minutes of a `Date` instance according to universal time (UTC).
```

## Syntax

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

>     setUTCMinutes(minutes)

Reviewer: these lines shouldn't be indented

    setUTCMinutes(minutes, seconds)
    setUTCMinutes(minutes, seconds, ms)
```

- `minutes`: An integer value between 0 and 59 representing the minutes.

> - `seconds`: An integer value between 0 and 59 representing the seconds. If `seconds` is specified, you must also specify `minutes`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `seconds`: An integer value between 0 and 59 representing the seconds. If `seconds` is specified, `minutes` must also be specified.
```
Missed in my first pass. We avoid first- and second-person pronouns in Docs.

> - `ms`: An integer value between 0 and 999 representing the milliseconds. If `ms` is specified, you must also specify `minutes` and `seconds`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `ms`: An integer value between 0 and 999 representing the milliseconds. If `ms` is specified, `minutes` and `seconds` must also be specified.
```

If `seconds`and `ms` are not specified, the values returned from [getUTCSeconds()](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/dates/getUTCSeconds) and [getUTCMilliseconds()](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/dates/getUTCMilliseconds) methods are used.

> The method changes the `Date` instance and returns its new timestamp. If a parameter is `NaN`, the date is set to Invalid Date and `NaN` is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method changes the `Date` instance and returns the modified timestamp. If a parameter is `NaN`, the date is invalid and `NaN` is returned.
```

## Example

> In the following example, the `.toUTCString()` method converts a `Date` object to a string representation using the UTC(Coordinated Universal Time) timezone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

In the following example, the `.toUTCString()` method converts a `Date` object to a string representation using the UTC(Coordinated Universal Time) timezone.

```
Blank lines before and after.

> In the following example, the `.toUTCString()` method converts a `Date` object to a string representation using the UTC(Coordinated Universal Time) timezone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the `.toUTCString()` method converts a `Date` object to a string representation using the UTC timezone.
```

const date = new Date(Date.UTC(2023, 5, 23, 12, 34, 56)); // Year, Month , Day, Hour, Minute, Second
console.log("Before:", date.toUTCString()); // Before: Wed, 23 Jun 2023 12:34:56 GMT

date.setUTCMinutes(45);

console.log("After:", date.toUTCString()); // After: Wed, 23 Jun 2023 12:45:56 GMT
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra blank line.

This example results in the following output.

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

---
Title: '.setUTCMinutes()'

> Desciption: 'brief, description of the setUTCMinutes function, examples'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Changes the minutes for a Date instance according to universal time (UTC).'
```
The description is of the method, not the article.

Subjects: 
    - 'Computer Science' 
    - 'Web Development'
Tags: 
    - 'Methods'
    - 'Date'
CatalogContent:
    - 'introduction-to-javascript'
    - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **.setUTCMinutes()** method of [Date](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/dates) instances changes the minutes for this instance according to **universal time (UTC)**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.setUTCMinutes()`** method of `Date` instances changes the minutes for this instance according to universal time (UTC).
```
We generally don't link out to parent entries because the Docs navigation provides them automatically.

Author: I missed this detail of the Docs capability. Thank you.

> ## **Syntax(JS)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Syntax

```

```js
    setUTCMinutes(minutes)
    setUTCMinutes(minutes, seconds)
    setUTCMinutes(minutes, seconds, ms)
```

> ## Parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
Have the parameters be part of the syntax section

> `minutes`
> <br/>
> An integer value between 0 and 59 representing the minutes.
> <br/>
> 
> `seconds`
> <br/>
> An integer value between 0 and 59 representing the seconds. If `seconds` is specified, you must also specify `minutes`.
> <br/>
> 
> `ms`
> <br/>
> An integer value between 0 and 999 representing the milliseconds. If `ms` is specified, you must also specify `minutes` and `seconds`.
> <br/>
> <br/>
> <br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

- `minutes`: An integer value between 0 and 59 representing the minutes.
- `seconds`: An integer value between 0 and 59 representing the seconds. If `seconds` is specified, you must also specify `minutes`.
- `ms`: An integer value between 0 and 999 representing the milliseconds. If `ms` is specified, you must also specify `minutes` and `seconds`.

```

Reviewer 2: We do not use HTML in the Markdown. Also this is presented better as a bulleted list.

If `seconds`and `ms` are not specified, the values returned from [getUTCSeconds()](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/dates/getUTCSeconds) and [getUTCMilliseconds()](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/dates/getUTCMilliseconds) methods are used.

> ## Return Value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Return value is part of the Syntax section.

> Changes the [Date](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/dates) instance and return its new timestamp. If a parameter is `NaN`, the date is set to Invalid Date and `NaN` is returned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The method changes the `Date` instance and returns its new timestamp. If a parameter is `NaN`, the date is set to Invalid Date and `NaN` is returned.
```

> ## **Example**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example

```
No bolding headers, and a blank line comes before and after.

> ```js

Reviewer 2: Use static dates in the example so the output is consistent.

const date = new Date();
console.log("Before:", date.toUTCString()); // Before: Wed, 23 Jun 2023 12:34:56 GMT

date.setUTCMinutes(45);

console.log("After:", date.toUTCString()); // After: Wed, 23 Jun 2023 12:45:56 GMT
```

> **.toUTCString()** method converts a [Date](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/dates) object to a string representation using the UTC(Coordinated Universal Time) timezone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, the `.toUTCString()` method converts a `Date` object to a string representation using the UTC(Coordinated Universal Time) timezone:
```
After the edits to this line, move it before the example code block.

> ### Output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

This example results in the following output.

```

> ```js

Reviewer 2: Use a static dete in the example so this output will be consistent whenever the example is run.
